I feel like everybody has a purpose in
life my drive was that I just always
wanted to play football
my first time translating football was
in middle school I tried to join the Pop
Warner team and I guess there was a
weight limit up by 180 and I was already
like 200 pounds it was kind of
devastating to hear that I couldn't play
football
just remember leaving the field crying
and my dad telling me that my size is
gonna pay off one day it was definitely
the final moment for me just because of
the rejection and I didn't take very
lately and then I made sure that I
worked as hard as I could push myself
and be the best football fair that I
could be
my dad was a big reason why I wanted to
play football and then he wasn't able to
be there so you know that took a big
toll on me then I was only 17 years old
I had to make a lot of decisions on my
own and one of the biggest decisions was
coming all the way the USC there's
always been people telling me that I
couldn't go to college and I was just
gonna end up in Daytona Beach like
everybody else so there's always gonna
be people down you no matter what you
just got to be strong enough and
mentally tough enough to know that you
can do whatever you want if you try
coming to USC was a big change for me a
huge difference environment wise from
high school to college coming out of
that tunnel for the first time in the
actual game I started doubting myself a
little bit like I was just hearing the
crowd roaring and I just had someone
stuff to calm down and believe that I
got accepted here for a reason there's a
lot of things I want to prove to myself
and to others once I get to the pros a
few of those things are just personal
goals want to be one of the greatest
ever to play the game coming from where
I've come from and all the situations
and challenges that I've had to deal
with see that I've come as far as hard
to doubt myself
you